doc: on cluster build documentation (#744)
knative-sandbox/kn-plugin-func: docs/guides/on-cluster-build.md

# Building Functions on Cluster with Tekton Pipelines

This guide describes how you can build a Function on Cluster with Tekton Pipelines. The on cluster build is enabled by fetching a Function source code from remote Git repository.

> Please note that the following approach requires admin access on the cluster and runs the build on a privileged container.

## Prerequisites

> 1. Install Tekton Pipelines on the cluster, please refer to [Tekton Pipelines documentation](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/install.md) or run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Tekton Pipelines on the cluster. Please refer to [Tekton Pipelines documentation](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/install.md) or run the following command:
```

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://storage.googleapis.com/tekton-releases/pipeline/latest/release.yaml
```
2. Create Knative Deployer Cluster Role
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/knative-sandbox/kn-plugin-func/main/pipelines/resources/knative-deployer-clusterrole.yaml
```

## Enabling a namespace to run Function related Tekton Pipelines

> In each namespace that you would like to run Pipelines and deploy a Function you need to install following resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each namespace that you would like to run Pipelines and deploy a Function you need to create or install the following resources.
```

1. We need to create Service Account that has permissions to deploy on Knative:
```bash
export NAMESPACE=<INSERT_YOUR_NAMESPACE>
kubectl create serviceaccount knative-deployer-account -n $NAMESPACE
kubectl create clusterrolebinding $NAMESPACE:knative-deployer-binding \
--clusterrole=kn-deployer --serviceaccount=$NAMESPACE:knative-deployer-account
```
2. We need to install Git Clone Tekton Task to fetch the Function source code:
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tektoncd/catalog/master/task/git-clone/0.4/git-clone.yaml
```

> 3. We need to install Buildpacks Tekton Task to be able to build the Function image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the Buildpacks Tekton Task to be able to build the Function image:
```

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tektoncd/catalog/master/task/buildpacks/0.3/buildpacks.yaml
```

> 4. We need to install `kn func` Deploy Tekton Task to be able to deploy the Function on in the Pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Install the `kn func` Deploy Tekton Task to be able to deploy the Function in the Pipeline:
```

  revision: main                                    # optional, git revision to be used (branch, tag, commit)
  # contextDir: myfunction                          # optional, needed only if the function is not located
                                                    # in the repository root folder
```
5. Implement the bussines logic of your Function, then commit and push changes
```bash
git commit -a -m "implementing my-function"
git push origin main
```
6. Deploy your Function
```bash
kn func deploy
```
If everything goes fine, you will prompted to input credentials to the remote container registry, that is being used for hosting the Function image, you will see a similar output:
```bash
$ kn func deploy
🕕 Creating Pipeline resources
Please provide credentials for image registry used by Pipeline.
? Server: https://index.docker.io/v1/
? Username: my-repo
? Password: ********
   Function deployed at URL: http://test-function.default.svc.cluster.local
```

7. If you want to update your Function, you just need to commit and push new changes and run `kn func deploy` again.

## Uninstallation and clean-up

> 1. In each namespace that you deployed Pipelines and Functions you need to uninstall following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In each namespace where Pipelines and Functions were deployed, uninstall following resources:
```
